----- MALLOC ------

When you malloc something of size sz we do the following:
     
   ------ TCACHE -------
   1. If a tcache entry is available for the requested size return this entry

   ------ ARENAS -------
   2. If single threaded set the relevant arena to the main_arena
   3. If multi threaded it gets an arena by doing the following:
      1. Attempt to get lcok for the last succesfully locked arena by this thread
      2. Circularly follow the linked list of arenas until we acquire a lock
      3. If no arena is available, create a new arena
      4. If no new arena can be created just make as large an arena as you can, malloc will deal with this later
         by seeing that it doesnt have enough space so it will just mmap the chunk anyways
      5. If we cannot return even this smaller heap we return NULL.
      
   2. Check if the size is valid when we include headers and alignment. If not, return NULL.
   3. If no arenas are able to be used (av == NULL), MMAP the chunk

   ----- FASTBIN -----
   4. If the size is a valid fastbin size do the following:
      1. Get the fastbin head for that size (this is our chunk candidate, called victim)
         If none are present continue to SMALLBIN
      2. If single threaded simply set the fastbin head to point to the next element
         If multithreaded we use a safer function called REMOVE_FB which does exactly this
      3. While we are already accesing memory from that fastbin we take the opportunity to move fastbins to tcache of the same size
         while the fastbin is not empty and the corresponding tcache is not full.
      4. Get a pointer to the data section of the chunk
      5. Obfuscate if necessary using `alloc_perturb`
      6. *Return this pointer*

   ----- SMALLBIN ----- (CYCLIC DOUBLY LINKED?)
   5. If the size is valid for a smallbin do the following:
      1. Get last small bin entry for that size (this is our chunk candidate, called victim)
         If none are present continue to LARGEBIN
      2. While we are already accesing memory from that fastbin we take the opportunity to move smallbins to tcache of the same size
         while the smallbin is not empty and the corresponding tcache is not full.
      3. Get a pointer to the data section of the chunk
      4. Obfuscate if necessary using `alloc_perturb`
      5. *Return this pointer*

   ----- LARGEBIN -----
   6. We remove all fast chunks, put them into the unsorted bin, and consolidate as needed
   7. While there are elements in unsorted chunks do the following:
      1. Get the unsorted->bk (this is our chunk candidate, called victim)
      2. If victim is the only chunk present in the unsorted bin && our request is small (smallbin range) && victim is designated
         as last remainder && the chunk size is large enough to create a chunk with (size - nb) remaining
	 1. Split the victim such that the top half is nb bytes and the bottom half (our remainder) is the remaining size
	 2. Point the unsorted bin to and from the remainder instead of to the victim.
	 3. If the remainder isn't small enough for fastbin NULL out its fd_nextsize and bk_nextsize
 	 4. Get a pointer to the data section of the victim
	 5. Obfuscate if necessary using `alloc_perturb`      
	 6. *Return this pointer*
      3. Remove victim from unsorted binx
      4. If victim is an exact fit
         1. Set inuse bit of next chunk
	 2. If size is a valid tcache put the victim in the tcache
	 3. Otherwise, immediately *return this pointer*
   X. If given a valid arena, this process still fails to find a valid chunk, we retry once with a different arena

----- CONSOLIDATE ------

1. Set have_fastchunks to false
2. While we still have fast bin entries, do the following:
   1. Get fastbin (fb)
   2. Get top of this fastbin (p)
   3. While p is not NULL do the following:
      1. Get size of p (size)
      2. If p has the previously in use bit not set we can consolidate
      	 1. Add previous size of chunk to size
	 2. Set p to be at an offset backwards by the previous size
	 3. Unlink p from any bin

      X. Set p to p->fd (break if p->fd is NULL)
   nextp is
   size is fb size
   nextchunk is chunk after fb
   nextsize is size of nextchunk

   if fb does not have prev_inuse
      prevsize is previous size from fb chunk
      size += prevsize
      fb now points to fb - prevsize
      unlink fb from all bin lists